After insulting Ricky and Karen, she still has a nerve to keep freeloading rides, unbelievable.
A maid's daughter acting like a princess.
Ricky is too quiet.
If it was me, I would have kicked around already.
Drive.
Let's wait for Ricky.
Mr. Trax, you work for my father and me.
I think I can say who we wait on.
Do you guys have a fight or something?
Look, I'll have a word with him for sure.
But could you try to be a little nicer to him?
I mean, I know you like to look down at him.
Mr. Trax, can you just drive?
I don't want him in my car.
I don't want him at my house.
I just, I don't want to see him anymore.
Well, let's just, let's just be.
Drive or not?
She's usually so scared of Ricky.
What's going on today?
Did you forget on her future father-in-law?
Or the fact my son will take over her father's business?
Mr. Trax, I ask politely.
Look, they're coming right now.